[Kubernetes] Add Operator helm chart docs (#3051)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/kubernetes/helm/operator.md

---
title: OpenTelemetry Operator Chart
linkTitle: Operator Chart
---

## Introduction

The [OpenTelemetry Operator](/docs/kubernetes/operator) is a Kubernetes operator
that manages [OpenTelemetry Collectors](/docs/collector) and
auto-instrumentation of workloads. One of the ways to install the OpenTelemetry
Operator is via the
[OpenTelemetry Operator Helm Chart](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/tree/main/charts/opentelemetry-operator).

For detailed use of the OpenTelemetry Operator visit its
[docs](/docs/kubernetes/operator).

### Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-opentelemetry-operator`, run the
following commands:

```console

> helm repo add open-telemetry https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-helm-charts
> helm install my-opentelemetry-operator open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator --set admissionWebhooks.certManager.enabled=false --set admissionWebhooks.certManager.autoGenerateCert=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm repo add open-telemetry https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-helm-charts
helm install my-opentelemetry-operator open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator \
  --set admissionWebhooks.certManager.enabled=false \
  --set admissionWebhooks.certManager.autoGenerateCert=true
```

```

This will install an OpenTelemetry Operator with a self-signed certificate and
secret.

### Configuration

The Operator helm chart's default `values.yaml` is ready to be installed, but it

> does expect Cert Manager is already present on the Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expects that Cert Manager is already present on the Cluster.
```
